1. cd
    guess: it will take me to the home directory
    output: it took me to my home directory

2. sudo useradd papabear
    guess: will add a user called papabear
    output: added a user named papabear 

3. sudo useradd mamabear
    guess: will add a user called mamabear
    output: added a user named mamabear 

4. sudo useradd babybear
    guess: will add a user called babybear
    output: added a user named babybear 

5. sudo groupadd bears
    guess: will create a group called bears
    output: added a groups called bears

6. sudo usermod -G bears papabear
    guess: will add papabear to the group bears
    output: added papabear to the group bears 

7. sudo usermod -G bears mamabear
    guess: will add mamabear to the group bears
    output: added mamabear to the group bears

8. sudo usermod -G bears babybear
    guess: will add babybear to the group bears
    output: added babybear to the group bears

9. sudo adduser wolf
    guess: will add a user named wolf
    output: "sudo: adduser: command not found"

10. mkdir yournamepermissions
    guess: will create a directory named yournamepermissions
    output: created a directory called yournamepermissions

11. cd yournamepermissions
    guess: will take you to the yournamepermissions directory
    output: took me to the yournamepermissions directory 

12. tail /etc/group | tee tailgroup
    guess: will out put the last few lines of etc/group
    output: printed out 10 users

13. touch file
    guess: will created a file named file
    output: created a file named file

14. sudo chown papabear:bears file
    guess: will have papabear be the user that owns the file and the group bears owns the file as well
    output: papabear is the user that owns the file and bears are the group that own it 

15. sudo chmod g+w file
    guess: adds write permisions for the group that owns the file
    output: added write permisions for the group that owned the file

16. sudo su babybear
    guess: will switch the user to babybear
    output: switchs my terminal to babybear's permissions

17. echo I want my porridge! >> file
    guess: will write "I want my porridge!" to file
    output: wrote "I want my porridge!" to file

18. exit
    guess: will exit the terminal 
    output: exited the user babybear

19. sudo su wolf
    guess: will switch to the user wolf
    output: switchs to the user wolf

20. echo You cant have any >> file
    guess: will attempt to write to file, but will not be able to due to lack of permissions
    output: permission denied

21. exit
    guess: will exit current user
    output: exits current user

22. nano eatporridge
    guess: will create a shell script to write "This porridge is just right" to file
    output: created a file name eatporridge

23. sudo su babybear
    guess: will switch to the user babybear
    output: switchs to user babybear

24. bash eatporridge
    guess: will run the bash script eatporridge
    output: runs the bash script eatporridge

25. exit
    guess: will exit current user
    output: exits current user

26. cat eatporridge
    guess: will print the contents of eatporridge
    output: printed the contents of eatporridge

27. cat file
    guess: will print the contents of file
    output: printed the contents of file
